Add API enhancements for SMP (#2048)
aws/sagemaker-python-sdk: doc/api/training/smd_model_parallel_pytorch.rst

      computation. \ ``bucket_cap_mb``\ controls the bucket size in MegaBytes
      (MB).

>     - ``trace_memory_usage`` (default: False): When set to True, SMP attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``trace_memory_usage`` (default: False): When set to True, the library attempts
```
